Client: WTWY International

Overview:
The New York City MTA website provides a detailed database of the amount of footraffic their train stations receive on a weekly basis. By accessing this data, we are able to compile a list of stations that have the highest amount of foot traffic in order for WTWY International to correctly target the largest amount of people to their event. The end result of our model would be to have a set list of suggestiong for WTWY International that could see a larger return in attendance for the gala event, as   well as to increase awareness behind the organization's mission- to have an impact on women in the tech industry.

Data:
The MTA turnstile database provides us with the names of each train station, the number of entrances and exits, and the time of foot traffic. The database is presented through CSV files on their website that can be organized into a SQL Database. By sifting through the database and organizing the data by stations with the highest entrances and at what time the highest amount of foot traffic occurs - we are able to suggest to WTWY International where the most effective locations would be to have their street teams stationed. Additionally, pulling in census data regarding demographics, population comparison in NYC neighborhoods, as well as seeing if the census data allows for any additional way to increase awareness for men vs women for the gala. 

Tools and MVP:
By using python to gather the data from the MTA website, and sorting through the information sorting through the entries and date data using DB Browser/ SQL lite will give a quick overview of the answer of which stations will be most likely to return the most attendance to the gala. Using Matplotlib / Pandas for visualization, this will be the MVP for the project by plotting a bar graph of stations with the most traffic and during which time and date frames. I suspect a bar graph depicting the heaviest traffic points in the data would show WTWY the effectiveness of using the data to make decisions on how to market.
